 <h1 style="color: black; text-align: center; margin-top: 50px;"> <span style='color: #FF4B4B; font-size: 1.25em;'> Med-AI News</span> Podcast</h1>

Summary from each sourses

<a href="https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiY2h0dHBzOi8vd3d3Lm1lZGljYWx0ZWNob3V0bG9vay5jb20vbmV3cy91bnZlaWxpbmctZXZvbHZpbmctdHJlbmRzLWluLW1lZGljYWwtaW1hZ2luZy1ud2lkLTMxNzMuaHRtbNIBAA?oc=5&hl=en-US&gl=US&ceid=US:en" style="color: #2859C0; text-decoration: none; font-size: 14px; font-weight: bold; font-family: Arial;"> Unveiling Evolving Trends In Medical Imaging - MedTech Outlook</a><span style="margin-left: 5px; background-color: white; padding: 0px 7px; border: 1px solid rgb(251, 88, 88); border-radius: 11px; font-size: 10px; color: rgb(251, 88, 88)">google</span>

<span style='font-size: 14px; font-family: news-romans;'>The article discusses the evolving trends in medical imaging, highlighting the advancements and innovations in the field.</span>

<a href="https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMiYGh0dHBzOi8vaGVhbHRoaW1hZ2luZy5jb20vdG9waWNzL2hlYWx0aC1pdC9lbnRlcnByaXNlLWltYWdpbmcvcmFkaW9sb2d5LWNsb3VkLW1lZGljYWwtaW1hZ2luZy1hadIBAA?oc=5&hl=en-US&gl=US&ceid=US:en" style="color: #2859C0; text-decoration: none; font-size: 14px; font-weight: bold; font-family: Arial;"> If AI is the future, radiology needs to look to the cloud - Health Imaging</a><span style="margin-left: 5px; background-color: white; padding: 0px 7px; border: 1px solid rgb(251, 88, 88); border-radius: 11px; font-size: 10px; color: rgb(251, 88, 88)">google</span>

<span style='font-size: 14px; font-family: news-romans;'>The article discusses the use of cloud technology and artificial intelligence (AI) in the field of radiology and medical imaging. It highlights how these advancements can improve the efficiency and accuracy of diagnoses, as well as the potential benefits of using cloud-based platforms for storing and sharing medical images.</span>

<a href="https://news.google.com/rss/articles/CBMibmh0dHBzOi8vd3d3LmZveG5ld3MuY29tL2hlYWx0aC9hcnRpZmljaWFsLWludGVsbGlnZW5jZS1leHBlcnRzLXNoYXJlLWJpZ2dlc3QtYWktaW5ub3ZhdGlvbnMtMjAyMy1sYW5kbWFyay15ZWFy0gFyaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuZm94bmV3cy5jb20vaGVhbHRoL2FydGlmaWNpYWwtaW50ZWxsaWdlbmNlLWV4cGVydHMtc2hhcmUtYmlnZ2VzdC1haS1pbm5vdmF0aW9ucy0yMDIzLWxhbmRtYXJrLXllYXIuYW1w?oc=5&hl=en-US&gl=US&ceid=US:en" style="color: #2859C0; text-decoration: none; font-size: 14px; font-weight: bold; font-family: Arial;"> Artificial intelligence experts share 6 of the biggest AI innovations of 2023: 'A landmark year' - Fox News</a><span style="margin-left: 5px; background-color: white; padding: 0px 7px; border: 1px solid rgb(251, 88, 88); border-radius: 11px; font-size: 10px; color: rgb(251, 88, 88)">google</span>

<span style='font-size: 14px; font-family: news-romans;'>Artificial intelligence experts predict that 2023 will be a landmark year for AI innovations, according to an article on Fox News. The advancements are expected to impact various sectors, including healthcare, transportation, and entertainment.</span>

<a href="https://machinelearning.apple.com//research/bootstrap-own-variance" style="color: #2859C0; text-decoration: none; font-size: 14px; font-weight: bold; font-family: Arial;"> Bootstrap Your Own Variance </a><span style="margin-left: 5px; background-color: white; padding: 0px 7px; border: 1px solid rgb(251, 88, 88); border-radius: 11px; font-size: 10px; color: rgb(251, 88, 88)">apple</span>

<span style='font-size: 14px; font-family: news-romans;'>The paper "Bootstrap Your Own Variance" proposes a method called BYOV that combines Bootstrap Your Own Latent (BYOL) with Bayes by Backprop (BBB) to estimate model uncertainty. The authors find that BYOV improves upon the deterministic BYOL baseline and provides better calibration and reliability when tested with various augmentations. The paper was accepted at the workshop Self-Supervised Learning - Theory and Practice at NeurIPS 2023.</span>

<a href="https://blogs.nvidia.com/blog/av-2-0-wayve/" style="color: #2859C0; text-decoration: none; font-size: 14px; font-weight: bold; font-family: Arial;"> AV 2.0, the Next Big Wayve in Self-Driving Cars</a><span style="margin-left: 5px; background-color: white; padding: 0px 7px; border: 1px solid rgb(251, 88, 88); border-radius: 11px; font-size: 10px; color: rgb(251, 88, 88)">nvidia</span>

<span style='font-size: 14px; font-family: news-romans;'>Wayve, a London-based autonomous driving technology company, is leading the way in AV 2.0, the next generation of self-driving cars. AV 2.0 focuses on comprehensive in-vehicle intelligence and uses generative AI to create and simulate novel driving scenarios. Wayve has developed GAIA-1, a generative world model, and LINGO-1, an AI model that enhances the learning and explainability of AI driving models. The company aims to improve the safety of autonomous vehicles and believes that embodied AI will play a crucial role in the future of the AI landscape.</span>

<a href="https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/machine-learning/welcome-to-a-new-era-of-building-in-the-cloud-with-generative-ai-on-aws/" style="color: #2859C0; text-decoration: none; font-size: 14px; font-weight: bold; font-family: Arial;"> Welcome to a New Era of Building in the Cloud with Generative AI on AWS</a><span style="margin-left: 5px; background-color: white; padding: 0px 7px; border: 1px solid rgb(251, 88, 88); border-radius: 11px; font-size: 10px; color: rgb(251, 88, 88)">aws</span>

<span style='font-size: 14px; font-family: news-romans;'>The AWS Machine Learning Blog discusses the potential of generative AI and its impact on customer experiences. It highlights the growing number of companies using generative AI applications on AWS, including well-known brands like adidas and Booking.com. AWS is investing in infrastructure, tools, and applications to make generative AI more accessible and practical for customers. The blog also introduces new capabilities in the three layers of the generative AI stack: infrastructure, model selection and customization, and application development. It mentions the introduction of AWS Trainium2, a new chip for training large-scale generative AI models, and the expansion of the Amazon Bedrock service, which offers a range of industry-leading models for customization. The blog also introduces Amazon Q, a generative AI-powered assistant tailored for work, and discusses its applications in coding and business tasks. Overall, AWS is focused on democratizing generative AI and providing customers with comprehensive capabilities to build and scale generative AI applications.</span>

<a href="https://blogs.microsoft.com/blog/2023/12/14/microsoft-cloud-for-sovereignty-now-generally-available-opening-new-pathways-for-government-innovation/" style="color: #2859C0; text-decoration: none; font-size: 14px; font-weight: bold; font-family: Arial;"> Microsoft Cloud for Sovereignty now generally available, opening new pathways for government innovation</a><span style="margin-left: 5px; background-color: white; padding: 0px 7px; border: 1px solid rgb(251, 88, 88); border-radius: 11px; font-size: 10px; color: rgb(251, 88, 88)">microsoft</span>

<span style='font-size: 14px; font-family: news-romans;'>Microsoft Cloud for Sovereignty is now generally available across all Azure regions. This cloud service helps governments meet compliance, security, and policy requirements while utilizing the cloud for innovation. It offers governance, security, transparency, and sovereign technology, allowing customers to implement policies to contain their data within their preferred geographic boundary. Microsoft Cloud for Sovereignty also provides sovereign controls to protect and encrypt sensitive data and offers specific Azure policy initiatives to address national and regional regulatory requirements. The service is already being used by organizations such as the National Cyber Security Center in the Netherlands and the municipality of Amsterdam. Microsoft is also introducing new capabilities, including drift analysis capabilities and transparency logs, to further enhance sovereignty in the hyperscale cloud.</span>

<a href="https://openai.com//research/overview" style="color: #2859C0; text-decoration: none; font-size: 14px; font-weight: bold; font-family: Arial;"> Pioneering research on the path to AGI</a><span style="margin-left: 5px; background-color: white; padding: 0px 7px; border: 1px solid rgb(251, 88, 88); border-radius: 11px; font-size: 10px; color: rgb(251, 88, 88)">openai</span>

<span style='font-size: 14px; font-family: news-romans;'>OpenAI is conducting research to develop artificial general intelligence (AGI) that can solve human-level problems. They are focused on aligning powerful AI systems with human intentions and are using deep learning to build generative models for text, images, and audio. Their research has led to advancements in language processing, image generation, and audio processing. OpenAI has also developed tools like CLIP and DALL-E for connecting text and images. They are actively seeking talented individuals to join their team.</span>

<a href="https://techcrunch.com/2023/12/19/eu-supercomputers-for-ai-training-support/" style="color: #2859C0; text-decoration: none; font-size: 14px; font-weight: bold; font-family: Arial;"> 
				EU to expand support for AI startups to tap its supercomputers for model training			</a><span style="margin-left: 5px; background-color: white; padding: 0px 7px; border: 1px solid rgb(251, 88, 88); border-radius: 11px; font-size: 10px; color: rgb(251, 88, 88)">techcrunch</span>

<span style='font-size: 14px; font-family: news-romans;'>The European Union (EU) is expanding its support for AI startups by providing them with access to its supercomputers for model training. The EU plans to set up "centers of excellence" to support the development of dedicated AI algorithms that can run on its supercomputers. The program aims to help AI startups learn how to best utilize the processing power offered by supercomputers. The EU sees AI as a strategic priority and wants to provide innovation capacity for SMEs and startups to develop safe and ethical AI algorithms. The EU is also investing in quantum computing and plans to combine quantum simulators with supercomputers. The EU's supercomputing resources are being used for various applications, including simulating Earth's ecosystems and creating a digital twin of the human body. France's Mistral AI, an AI startup aiming to compete with giants like OpenAI, has participated in the early pilot phase of the program. The EU hopes that by supporting AI startups and leveraging its investment in high-performance computing, it can create a competitive advantage for its local AI ecosystem.</span>

<a href="https://paperswithcode.com/paper/prolificdreamer-high-fidelity-and-diverse" style="color: #2859C0; text-decoration: none; font-size: 14px; font-weight: bold; font-family: Arial;"> ProlificDreamer: High-Fidelity and Diverse Text-to-3D Generation with Variational Score Distillation</a><span style="margin-left: 5px; background-color: white; padding: 0px 7px; border: 1px solid rgb(251, 88, 88); border-radius: 11px; font-size: 10px; color: rgb(251, 88, 88)">paperwc</span>

<span style='font-size: 14px; font-family: news-romans;'>The paper titled "ProlificDreamer: High-Fidelity and Diverse Text-to-3D Generation with Variational Score Distillation" proposes a new approach called variational score distillation (VSD) to improve text-to-3D generation. The current method, score distillation sampling (SDS), suffers from issues such as over-saturation, over-smoothing, and low diversity. VSD models the 3D parameter as a random variable and addresses these issues by using a particle-based variational framework. The proposed approach, ProlificDreamer, generates high-resolution and high-fidelity 3D models with rich structure and complex effects. The paper also explores improvements in the design space for text-to-3D generation.</span>

<a href="https://www.jiqizhixin.com//articles/2023-12-20-10" style="color: #2859C0; text-decoration: none; font-size: 14px; font-weight: bold; font-family: Arial;"> 大模型+搜索构建完整技术栈，百川智能用搜索增强给企业定制化下了一剂「猛药」</a><span style="margin-left: 5px; background-color: white; padding: 0px 7px; border: 1px solid rgb(251, 88, 88); border-radius: 11px; font-size: 10px; color: rgb(251, 88, 88)">机器之心</span>

<span style='font-size: 14px; font-family: news-romans;'>Baichuan Intelligence has developed a "big model + search" technology stack that enhances customization for businesses. By combining a large model with a search function and the use of enterprise knowledge bases, Baichuan Intelligence aims to improve the accuracy and efficiency of AI applications. The company has released the Baichuan2-Turbo series API, which supports long context windows and the ability to upload specific text data to build customized knowledge bases. This approach allows for better integration of industry knowledge and addresses the challenges of applying large models to specific business scenarios. The combination of a long context window and search enhancement improves the application potential of large models. Baichuan Intelligence has achieved high accuracy and recall rates in tests using its search-enhanced knowledge base. The company's approach of combining a large model with search technology provides a more cost-effective and efficient solution for businesses to leverage AI capabilities.</span>

